Issues to fix

Order
Complete details
Select tasks and date for planning
Add suppliers
Add guests


General
if wedding details not complete go to details page.
Select options need padding and ensure visible (might need a fuller solution by creating a custom select)
When links copied need to have the page name.

Details 
all selects (currency, country,  style, colour) not highlighted when empty but budget is which doesnt help navigation although empty displaying correct. - completed


Partner 1 

not taking text when first clicked - completed
email no validation - completed
incomplete boxes needed - completed
validation required on boxes - completed

Tasks
Feels like it should have key tasks away from others. - completed
re-ordering tasks for priority seems a good idea - completed
Taks due date not updating on  task page when changed. - completed
Current activity not updated when changed on task page - completed
states sure want to delete guest when deleting task - completed
current state to reflect un-selected with delete button when confirmed should be link to search (consider delete from switch of state) this to be added to details controls
when clicking on search should go to add page and new page - completed

Guests
Not showing brides dietry requirements in list on dietry list selection - completed

guest
Selects not highlighting when empty. - completed
Needs to call update stats function when changing as didn't show on dashboard until refreshed. - completed

Add supplier / Suppliers
When pasting telephone number could clear out spaces. - completed
When changing box for enquiry / booking doesnt link to correct page. - completed
When adding value not correct - completed


Supplier
Incorrect highlighting of empty items - completed
Lattitude and longitue showing with no address inputted. - completed
Road removing spaces automatically should do this - completed
Could past into one box for longitude and latitdue and automaticvally split into long and lat - completed
if due date over due highlight if not leave unhighlighted - completed
changed to booked but not updated tasks

Dashboard 
add amounts paid to dashboard - completed
Could show data on suppliers when shortlisted etc - completed